_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Edit template for personal website

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle:

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>yawarnihal[at]gmail[dot]com</p>
    
news: false  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
Hi! I'm Yawar, presently a PhD candidate at the [Visual Computing and Artificial Intelligence](https://niessnerlab.org/) group of [Prof. Matthias Niessner](https://niessnerlab.org/members/matthias_niessner/profile.html) at the [Technical University of Munich](https://www.tum.de/en/), Germany. My work focuses on 3D reconstruction, scene understanding and 3D generative models.

Before the PhD, I did my Bachelors in Computer Science at [Jamia Millia Islamia](https://www.jmi.ac.in/), followed by a 2 year stint at [Adobe Systems](https://www.adobe.com/) in India, and an Masters in Informatics at [TUM](https://www.tum.de/en/). 

In the past I've had the pleasure of interning with [Thabo Beeler](https://thabobeeler.com/) and [Derek Bradley](https://people.inf.ethz.ch/~bradleyd/) at [Disney Research](https://studios.disneyresearch.com/) in Zurich, and with [Peter Konschieder](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=CxbDDRMAAAAJ&hl=en) at [Meta Reality Labs](https://about.meta.com/realitylabs/), also in Zurich.
